Add Playwright example of how to test authenticated flows (#1601)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/testing/playwright.mdx

})
```

## Testing authenticated flows

Playwright executes tests in isolated environments called browser contexts. So, each test case runs in a new browser context, which means that the user session is not shared between test cases. However, tests can load existing authenticated state in Playwright.

Following the [Playwright docs on Authentication](https://playwright.dev/docs/auth), you can test authenticated flows without having to sign in for each test case.

The steps below showcase an example of how to save the session storage in a file and load it in your test cases. Of course, you can customize this to fit your needs. You can also have a look at our example repository [here](https://github.com/clerk/clerk-playwright-nextjs).

<Steps>
  ### Add the storage file in your `.gitingore`

>   Create a `playwright/.clerk` directory and add it to your `.gitignore`.

Reviewer: It looks like this section, https://playwright.dev/docs/auth#core-concepts, explains: "We recommend to create playwright/.auth directory and add it to your .gitignore. Your authentication routine will produce authenticated browser state and save it to a file in this playwright/.auth directory. Later on, tests will reuse this state and start already authenticated."

I'm assuming that is what the `playwright/.clerk` file is going to do, but I just want to be sure.

>   Create a `playwright/.clerk` directory and add it to your `.gitignore`.

Author: Yes, that's right! I just renamed the directory to `.clerk` because it includes Clerk-related stuff. The name of the directory does not really matter.

  ```sh {{ filename: 'terminal' }}
  mkdir -p playwright/.clerk
  echo $'\nplaywright/.clerk' >> .gitignore
  ```

  ### Save the session in your setup file

>   Save the session in your global setup file. This file will be executed before all projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Save the session in your [global setup file](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-global-setup-teardown). This file is executed before all projects.
```

Reviewer: Is this so you only have to sign in once to be authenticated for all of your tests?

Author: Yes, this is what this new section showcases: "How to sign in once and re-use the signed-in state to many tests (all of your tests, or some of your tests, whatever the user wants)".

  ```tsx {{ filename: 'global.setup.ts' }}
  import { clerk, clerkSetup } from '@clerk/testing/playwright'
  import { test as setup } from '@playwright/test'
  import path from 'path'

  setup('global setup', async ({}) => {
    await clerkSetup()
  })

  const authFile = path.join(__dirname, '../playwright/.clerk/user.json')

  setup('authenticate and save state to storage', async ({ page }) => {

>     // here you can either use a helper function to sign in or do it manually

Reviewer: just curious, what does it look to "manually" sign in? vs. using a clerk helper

Author: "Manually" sign in is how you would sign-in on E2E tests. 
An example could be:
```
await page.goto("/sign-in");
await expect(page.locator("h1")).toContainText("Sign In");
await page.waitForSelector(".cl-signIn-root", { state: "attached" });
await page.locator("input[name=identifier]").fill('USERNAME');
await page.getByRole("button", { name: "Continue", exact: true }).click();
await page.locator("input[name=password]").fill('PASSSWORD');
await page.getByRole("button", { name: "Continue", exact: true }).click();
```

    await page.goto('/')
    await clerk.signIn({
      page,
      signInParams: {
        strategy: 'password',
        identifier: process.env.E2E_CLERK_USER_USERNAME!,
        password: process.env.E2E_CLERK_USER_PASSWORD!,
      },
    })
    await page.goto('/protected')

>     await page.waitForSelector("h1:has-text('This is a PROTECTED page')")

Reviewer: The H1 can be different for everyone, so we should add something here:

```suggestion
    // Ensure the user has successfully accessed the protected page
    // by checking an element on the page that only the authenticated user can access
    await page.waitForSelector("h1:has-text('This is a PROTECTED page')")
```

>     await page.context().storageState({ path: authFile })

Reviewer: what is this doing? like does `authFile` get populated with user data once a user successfully authenticates with `clerk.signIn()` ?

Author: Yes! This is saving the browser cookies (Clerk cookies in this case) in a JSON file (`playwright/.clerk/user.json`).

  })
  ```

  ### Load the stored session in your tests

  You can either load the stored session in a Playwright project:

  ```tsx {{ filename: 'playwright.config.ts' }}
  // ...
  projects: [
    {
      name: 'global setup',
      testMatch: /global\.setup\.ts/,
    },
    {
      name: 'Main tests',
      testMatch: /.*app.spec.ts/,
      use: {
        ...devices['Desktop Chrome'],
      },
      dependencies: ['global setup'],
    },
    {
      name: 'Authenticated tests',
      testMatch: /.*authenticated.spec.ts/,
      use: {
        ...devices['Desktop Chrome'],

        // Use prepared Clerk auth state.
        storageState: 'playwright/.clerk/user.json',
      },
      dependencies: ['global setup'],
    },
  ]
  ```

>   OR, load the stored session directly inside a test file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Or you can load the stored session directly inside a test file:
```
